Good afternoon, everyone!

The Praxor Society was deleted at 15:00 EST. The influx of new members have made me forget what husk the server was. It was quite literally a cesspool of no rules and toxicity for no reason, a society that was more of a cult with shitty ideals. 

To all my "enemies": Congratulations! You have beaten praxor, the man in the mirror, the man himself, or whatever you want to call me. I'm pretty self conscious like 100% of the time, and my ego is surprisingly bigger than my dick, and unfortunately I have issues with that thing, but that's not the point. This isn't another one of my smut writings.

To all of my supporters: Goodbye, for a while. I will not be making another discord server for a while, and may not even consider the idea at all. No one felt like paying attention to it, and I don't blame them. I gave cavemen tools to work with that they didn't know how to use, and not only were the cavemen unable to use the tools, the server in general was pretty dead. It's kinda like that one spot I have in my room with all my suicide attempts. Every single time I look at it, I'm just reminded how much of a failure my advances have led me to be. 

Now, I don't want to replay my life over and over in text for the millionth time, because that's not how I am. If you know what you know about me, let it stay that way. I could care fucking less how much of a person I am to everyone right now, I just wanted to have some friends, and play games with those friends. Those selfish ideals clearly led me down the wrong path, and I don't really know where to go from here. Asking for guidance makes me look like a pussy, so I might as well be one. Congratulations on graduating Twitter University, praxor! You have now become someone you aren't, and you're gonna suffer for it.

Please try to make yourself discreet in my presence from now on. This is my first time truly hiding, and you'd know I don't do a good job trying to hide, if you've seen me attempt to do so before.